---
layout:     post
title:      "来川阅读"
subtitle:   "来川阅读"
date:       2024-09-18 17:00:00
author:     "Sage"
header-img: ""
header-style: text
hidden: false
catalog: true
published: true
tags:
    - eng-reading	
    - sage
---

# aesop's-fables

## The Fox and the Grapes

==狐狸和葡萄==

​	One hot summer day a fox was walking through an orchard. He stopped before a bunch of grapes. They were ripe and juicy.“I’m just feeling thirsty，” he thought. So he backed up a few paces， got a running start， jumped up， but could not reach the grapes.He walked back. One， two， three， he jumped up again， but still， he missed the grapes.The fox tried again and again， but never succeeded. At last he decided to give it up.He walked away with his nose in the air， and said,“I am sure they are sour.“

​	People often despise what they cannot get.

## The Shepherd Boy and the Wolf

==狼来了==

​	`shepherd` boy,who watched a flock of sheep near a village,`brought out` the villagers three or four times by crying out, "Wolf! Wolf!" And when his neighbors came to help him, he laughed at them `for their pains` .

​	The wolf, however, `did truly` come at last. The shepherd boy, now really afraid, shouted in fear,“ Pray, `do come` and help me; the wolf is killing the sheep." But no one believed him, nor offered any help, The wolf, having no cause of fear, killed all the sheep. 

​	There is no believing a `liar`, even when he speaks the truth.



## The Wolf and the Lamb

==狼和小羊==

​	Once upon a time a wolf was lapping at a stream. When he looked up， he saw a lamb drinking a little lower down.“There’s my supper，” he thought. “I will find some excuse to catch it.” Then he called out to the lamb， “How dare you muddle the water？” 

​	“No， master，” said the lamb. “I cannot muddle your water because it runs down from you to me.”

​	“Well， then，” said the wolf. “Why did you call me bad names this time last year？” 

​	“It was impossible，” said the lamb. “I am only six months old.”“I don’t care，” shouted the wolf. “If it was not you， it must be your father.” After that he rushed at the poor little lamb and ate it up.

​	Any excuse will serve a tyrant.

## The Goose with the Golden Eggs

==会下金蛋的鹅==

​	One morning a countryman went to his goose's nest, and saw a yellow and glittering egg there.He took the egg home. To his delight, he found that it was an egg of pure gold.Every morning the same thing occurred, and he soon became rich by selling his eggs.

　　The countryman became more and more greedy. He wanted to get all the gold at once, so he killed the goose, when he looked inside, he found nothing in its body.

​	Kill not the goose that lays golden eggs.



