---
layout:     post
title:      "news"
subtitle:   "来news阅读"
date:       2024-09-18 17:00:00
author:     "Sage"
header-img: ""
header-style: text
hidden: false
catalog: true
published: true
tags:
    - eng-reading	
    - sage
---

# china daily

## 2024-9-18

- Tourists visit the `Emperor` Qinshihuang's `Mausoleum` Site Museum in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, on Monday. Cultural activities and short-distance trips were favored by tourists during the just-completed three-day Mid-Autumn Festival holiday, which started on Sunday. The festival is one of China's traditional festivals for family reunions

### `Deputies` strive to `heed`, meet people's needs

- `Upon` hearing the recent story of an elderly couple having to climb 17 stories in the `sweltering` heat after the elevator in their apartment building broke down in Kunshan, Jiangsu province, local lawmaker Jiang Yuqin `sprang into action.`
- Jiang, along with `concerned` `colleagues` and maintenance workers, visited the `property` in the Zoujiajiao community on Aug 28 and discovered that the elevator was old and damaged

### US might end zero `tariffs` on low-price goods

- Proposed changes to `exemption` rule could affect companies, consumers

- The "`de minimis`" exemption — a legal principle that allows matters of a small scale to be exempted from a requirement — permits such packages to be flown into the US without `levies` or processing fees.

# cryptocurrency

## 2024-11-22

A `deep dive` into the world's top crypto-projects, providing unbiased information

- a deep dive:深入探究或深度研究

**Sui Network restored after 2-hour `outage` in `setback` for ‘Solana killer**

Sui, a decentralized layer-1 blockchain designed for `rapid` smart contract deployment, experienced a significant outage on Nov. 21, `halting` block production for more than an hour.

The Sui blockchain went down with no blocks being produced for more than an hour, [according](https://suivision.xyz/) to data from the Sui Network explorer, SuiVision.

According to the data, the last block occurred at 9:15 am UTC, with no new blocks produced afterward.

Multiple industry observers `reacted to` the downtime, with many outlining Sui’s ambitions to be one of the biggest `competitors` to Solana , which is the fourth-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization.
